Explain `assert_macros` in the guide (#2531)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/getting-started/scarb.md

Reviewer: I think this would make more sense either in "First Steps With Starknet Foundry` or in "Writing Tests".

Also, I think `assert_eq!` is used extensively in "Using Cheatcodes" section so maybe it would make sense to add a link to part you written in the place where it is first used.

Reviewer: I think we should ink it in the first place where it is used. I don't think this was resolved.

Author: I've added a warning in "Using Cheatcodes", other usages occur in each of the "snforge Advanced Features" sections eg. "Fuzz", and "Fork" testing. So I would skip them and assert that 'advanced' users know about 'assert_macros', to avoid text duplication. wdyt?

Last but not least, remember that in order to use Starknet Foundry, you must have Scarb
[installed](https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/download.html) and added to the `PATH` environment variable.

### `assert_macros`
> ⚠️ **Recommended only for development** ️⚠️
> 

> >Assert macros package provides a set of macros that can be used to write assertions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Assert macros package provides a set of macros that can be used to write assertions such as `assert_eq!`.
```

In order to use it, your project must have the `assert_macros` dependency added to the `Scarb.toml` file.

> These macros are very expensive to run on Starknet, they generate a huge amount of steps and are not recommended for production use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These macros are very expensive to run on Starknet, as they result a huge amount of steps and are not recommended for production use. 
```

> They are only meant to be used in tests.

Reviewer: This could be bold

For snforge `v0.31.0` and later, this dependency is added by default. But for earlier versions, you need to add it manually.

```toml
[dev-dependencies]
snforge_std = ...
assert_macros = "<scarb-version>"
```

Available assert macros are 
- `assert_eq!`
- `assert_ne!`
- `assert_lt!`
- `assert_le!`
- `assert_gt!`

> - `assert_ge!`

Reviewer: Do we want to list them all if we are not documenting them?

Reviewer 2: There isn't any other documentation explaining them so I think we should list them and even provide a short description for each

Author: I think the semantics are pretty obvious, eg. lt, le. So this list is enough
